rename and update COPY page (#19310)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v23.1/copy.md

---
title: COPY
summary: Copy data from a third-party client to a CockroachDB table, or export data in a PostgreSQL wire-compatible format.
toc: true
docs_area: reference.sql
---

> The `COPY ... FROM` statement copies data from [`cockroach sql`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cockroach-sql.md %}) or other [third party clients]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/install-client-drivers.md %}) to tables in your cluster. The `COPY ... TO` statement allows you to export a table or arbitrary query in a [PostgreSQL wire-compatible]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/postgresql-compatibility.md %}) text or CSV format.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion: 
```suggestion
The `COPY ... FROM STDIN` statement copies data from [`cockroach sql`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cockroach-sql.md %}) or other [third party clients]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/install-client-drivers.md %}) to tables in your cluster. The `COPY ... TO STDOUT` statement allows you to export a table or arbitrary query in text or CSV format.
```
What is a "[PostgreSQL wire-compatible]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/postgresql-compatibility.md %}) text or CSV format"?

Author: Removing, as I agree this can be unnecessarily confusing.

`table_name` | The name of the table to which to copy data.
`opt_column_list` | The column name, or list of column names, to which to copy data.
`WITH copy_options` | Optionally specify one or more [copy options](#options).

> `query` | A [`SELECT`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/select-clause.md %}), [`INSERT`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/insert.md %}), [`UPDATE`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/update.md %}), [`UPSERT`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/upsert.md %}), or [`DELETE`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/delete.md %}) statement for which to copy results.

Reviewer: The Syntax diagram has `copy_to_stmt` as a parameter and not `query`.

Author: I think the preview is out of date -- the correct parameter is showing on the production site.
